(1)Unless specifically excepted by Washington Real Estate License law, to take the managing broker's examination, a broker must be

A. licensed as a full-time broker for a minimum of 2 years within the past 5 years.
B. licensed as a full-time broker for a minimum of 3 years within the past 5 years.
C. free of bankruptcy filing in the last 7 years.
D. free of license law complaints for a 2-year period.
Expert Answer 
B. licensed as a full-time broker for a minimum of 3 years within the past 5 years.
In order to become a managing broker in Washington, one of the requirements is that an individual must have a minimum of three years of licensed experience as a full-time real estate broker
Other opions are wrong as those conditions are not the requirements for managing broker.


(2)A Washington real estate broker has a responsibility to

A. attend all property inspections.
B. be knowledgeable and keep current with the rules implementing Chapter 18.85 of the RCW.
C. review all brokerage services and contracts of the firm.
D. attend all closings.
Expert Answer 
Ans A attend all property inspections.
Because the main obligations are those found in office customary regulation. They incorporate however aren't restricted to those in the guidelines. They're restricted to those obligations illustrated in the authoritative guidelines.


(3)The first active license renewal for a real estate broker must be

A. by the anniversary date of the broker's initial license.
B. on the broker's first birthday after issuance of the license.
C. before the second birthday after issuance of the license.
D within 2 years from the issuance date.
Expert Answer 
D within 2 years from the issuance date.
Since the period is within two years therefore after every two years the license must be renewed



(4)Under Washington Real Estate License law, licensees employed directly by a real estate firm to represent the firm in the performance of real estate related transactions are BEST identified as

A. designated brokers.
B. incorporated associate brokers.
C. affiliated licensees.
D. designated licensees.
Expert Answer 
Answer:
Option (c) Affiliated licensees
Explanation: "Affiliated licensee" means a licensee who is authorized to engage in brokerage activity by and on behalf of a real estate brokerage agency


(5)All monies derived from fines resulting from disciplinary actions against Washington real estate licensees shall be

A. used for future real estate audits and investigations.
B. used for education for the benefit of licensees and the public.
C. paid into the Housing Trust Fund.
D. paid to the state treasurer for general operations.
Expert Answer 
Answer: Correct Option is " used for future real estate audits and investigations. "
Explanation: All money derived from fines imposed under disciplinary actions against Washington real estate licensees shall be deposited in the real estate education program account


(6)A Washington licensee placed his license on inactive status in August and paid the inactive renewal fee in September. To activate the license in January, the licensee must complete

A. and pass the license examination.
B. a license application and submit a late fee.
C. the required number of continuing education clock-hours.
D. a course in Washington real estate fundamentals and pay an activation fee.
Expert Answer 
Answer
The correct option is A.
and pass the license examination




(7)In Washington, any modification to an original property management agreement must be signed by the

A. owner, tenant, and designated broker.
B. designated broker only.
C. designated broker and owner only.
D. owner and licensee only.
Expert Answer 
The correct option is A
owner, tenant, and designated broker.
Explanation:
Any amendment or modification to the property management agreement must be made in written form and signed by the owner and the designated broker and retained.


(8)In Washington, which of the following would constitute a material fact?

A. a registered sex offender in the neighborhood
B. a murder that took place in the home
C. occasional water intrusion in a basement
D. illegal drug activity next door
Expert Answer 
Answer: C. occasional water intrusion in a basement
A material fact is defined as anything that would affect the value of property or a buyer/tenant's decision to purchase or lease the property or how much to offer to purchase or lease the property. Here, an agent must disclose the latent defects that would not be discovered through ordinary inspection, suc as leaking roof or water intrusion. It is not the material if the house was the site of a crime, or gang activity, or political or religious activity. So the above option 'C' is correct.


(9)According to Washington Real Estate Licensing rules, in a multi-office real estate firm, each branch office must be managed by a

A. managing broker who spends a minimum of 1 hour per month in each branch office.
B. branch manager who holds a managing broker's license.
C. managing broker who has at least 2 years of management experience.
D. broker who has 2 or more years of sales experience.
Expert Answer 
Answer:- option (b) branch manager who holds a managing broker's license is the correct answer.
Explanation - According to Washington Real Estate Licensing rules, in a multi-office real estate firm, each branch office must be managed by a managing broker authorized to perform the duties of a branch manager by a designated broker. One must have a managing broker license in Washington state to qualify for a branch manager endorsement.



(10)A Washington designated broker must
A. own the real estate firm with which they are associated.
B. be a Washington state resident.
C. possess a valid Washington state driver's license or identification card.
D. be a natural person.
Expert Answer 
According to the Washington State Legislatures revised code, a designated broker must be a natural person who may own a real estate firm or have a controlling interest in it.
Therefore, correct answer is:
D.
be a natural person.



(11)Sellers list their property with a Washington licensee with a firm. Who represents the sellers?

A. the licensee and subagents assigned by the sellers
B. the listing licensee only
C. all sales personnel with the firm
D. the listing licensee and the designated broker
Expert Answer 
When a seller list their property with Washington licensee with a firm, then the licensee and their designated broker represent the seller for the property
So the current answer is option D


(12)A Washington licensee maintains a home office and negotiates an offer to purchase. A legible copy of the offer must be

A. delivered to the designated broker after the sale is closed.
B. filed in the home office.
C. maintained in the firm's files.
D. given only to the buyer.
Expert Answer 
Hello,
As per Washington real estate law, a designated broker must maintain and retain a legible copy of the offer / or transaction after the sale is closed.
There is no such direction which says copy of the offer must be filed in home office, given to buyer only or to be maintained in firm's files.
Hence the answer is option A - delivered to the designated broker after the sale is closed.


(13)A Washington licensee wrote a successful transaction. Prior to the closing of the transaction, the licensee transferred to another firm. The selling firm

A. must forfeit the entire commission because it was not earned.
B. may pay the agreed-upon commission to the licensee.
C. must refund the licensee's portion of the commission to the seller.
D. must keep the entire commission because they are the selling firm.
Expert Answer 
A Washington licensee wrote a successful transaction. Prior to the closing of the transaction, the licensee transferred to another firm. The selling firm
Answer: may pay the agreed-upon commission to the licensee.


(14)A Washington broker is showing a "fixer-upper" home to her sister. The broker must disclose

A. that the septic tank and drain field are not serviceable.
B. the current and expected market value after renovations.
C. that there is a family relationship on all agreements and contracts.
D. that the house was a murder site 4 years ago.
Expert Answer 
Answer: c) That there is a family relationship on all agreements and contracts.
It is legal and ethical importance that broker must disclose relevent facts related to any deal whether personal or professional.



(15)A licensee's disciplinary matter is under appeal in superior court. The Director of the Washington Department of Licensing has prepared, by law, a certified transcript of the disciplinary hearing record and has filed the transcript and notice of its cost with the court. Which of the following is required to pay the cost of the transcript?

A. court
B. licensee/appellant
C. complainant
D. Department of Licensing
Expert Answer 
B. licensee/appellant
Analysis: The Department of Licenses has filed a transcript to the court containing disciplinary records. The department has created a transcript against the licensee regarding the disciplinary issue. Therefore, the licensee should pay for it.

(16)Buyers and sellers negotiate a transaction where earnest money is to be held by the title company. In Washington, the buyers should write the check to the

A. title company.
B. listing firm.
C. selling firm.
D. county auditor.
Expert Answer 
Answer: selling firm
Explanation: Earnest money is a deposit made by a buyer to a seller to demonstrate the buyer's good faith in acquiring a residence. The money gives the buyer extra time before concluding the sale to arrange for funds and do the necessary searches for names, property valuations, and inspections. In various ways, earnest money is referred to as a deposit on a property, an escrow deposit, or money of goodwill.



(17)In Washington, a duly authorized attorney-in-fact may engage in real estate brokerage activity without a license when the

A. activity is without compensation.
B. fee is based on the value of the property.
C. activity is limited to property management duties.
D. activity is limited to ten transactions per year.
Expert Answer 
The correct answer is option a.
" An authorised attorney-in-fact is a person who is legal to act on behalf of another person, commonly to carry out commercial enterprise or different respectable transactions. The person represented generally designates a person as their legal professional-in-reality by means of assigning power of lawyer. An authorised attorney-in-fact isn't always a legal professional. In truth, legal professionals-in-truth do not require any unique qualifications in any respect. They can be a member of the family or close pal ".


(18)A listing firm and a selling firm are cooperating on the sale of a home in Washington. A broker, licensed with the selling firm, found a buyer and negotiated the agreement between the buyer and the seller. The broker may be paid a commission through the

A. selling firm's designated broker.
B. buyer.
C. seller.
D. listing firm's designated broker.
Expert Answer 
Answer A- Selling firm's designated broker as the broker who has finalized the deal between the selling firm and the buyer is licensed with the selling firm and his commission will be paid by the selling firm as per the policy. No other party in entitled to give him the commission as he is directly linked with the selling firm.



(19)In Washington, who is ultimately responsible for the delivery of earnest money to escrow after it is received by the brokerage firm?

A. purchaser
B. licensee receiving the funds
C. listing licensee
D. designated broker
Expert Answer 
The correct answer is option A. purchaser
Explanation- The purchaser or buyer is responsible for the delivery of earnest money to escrow after it has been received by the brokerage firm.


(20)Which of the following is a duty of the Washington Real Estate Commission?

A. Enforce all laws and rules relating to the practice of real estate.
B. Act in an advisory capacity to the director.
C. Establish standards of clear and conspicuous advertising.
D. Take disciplinary action against real estate schools and instructors.
Expert Answer 
Option : A. Enforce all laws and rules relating to the practice of real estate.
The Laws and Rules are found in Revised code of Washington.



(21)Under Washington Real Estate License law, any addenda to an agreement to purchase negotiated by a licensee must be

A. kept in the licensee's transaction file.
B. referenced on the client ledger card.
C. kept in the transaction file belonging to the firm.
D. delivered to the office manager.
Expert Answer 
C. kept in the transaction file belonging to the firm..
As we know that , addenda to an agreement to purchase negotiated by a licensee should be kep by firm only.


(22)A Washington real estate licensee received a $3,000 earnest money check. The check was to be delivered to the escrow office on March 12 in accordance with the purchase and sale agreement, but the check was never delivered to the escrow office. Which of the following should the licensee do?

A. Notify the principals involved in the transaction.
B. Immediately deposit the funds into the firm's trust account.
C. Call the purchaser and secure a new check for $3,000.
D. Disclose the situation to the Washington Real Estate Commission.
Expert Answer 
The answers to the given question is provided in the order below
Notify the principals involved in the transaction.


(23)A real estate licensee submits 30 clock-hours of continuing education to renew a license. The Washington Department of Licensing discovers that the licensee listed three of the hours twice to make the total 30 hours. Which of the following statements about this situation is correct?

A. The license will be renewed upon paying a late fee.
B. The license will not be renewed in an active status and charges may be issued for misrepresentation.
C. The designated broker is required to surrender the license to the Department.
D. The licensee will be issued an interim license and allowed 30 days to complete the required three clock-hours.
Expert Answer 
A licensee requesting for renewal of an active licence must show proof of completion of at least thirty clock hours of instruction in a real estate program approved course that began within 48 months of the licensee's renewal date. A minimum of fifteen clock hours must be completed within twenty four months of the licensee's current renewal date, with three hours of the mandated core curriculum included in that total. It is possible to carry forward up to fifteen clock hours of instruction beyond the thirty clock hours submitted for a prior renewal date to the next renewal date. Failure to report complete completion of the core curriculum clock hours will result in licence renewal being denied.
So, It is very clear that Option B i.e. The license will not be renewed in an active status and charges may be issued for misrepresentation is correct answer in the above case.



(24)A licensee obtains a listing from a seller. The licensee's designated broker had a previous negative business relationship with this seller. The designated broker tells the licensee to cancel the listing. According to Washington Real Estate License law, which of the following is true?

A. The designated broker is not allowed to cancel the listing because the licensee is an independent contractor.
B. The designated broker is not allowed to cancel the listing because no one can interfere with the sellerlagent relationship.
C. The designated broker may refuse the listing because the listing belongs to the firm.
D. The designated broker may refuse the listing only if it has not yet been listed with the Multiple Listing Service (MLS).
Expert Answer 
Hey champ,Welcome to this platform. Here you will get the answerok with better quality in minimum time. This answers has been given by qualified expert. In the event that you face any uncertainty than you might post the comment for this answer.Your answer is given below:
ANSWER IS C
The distributed broker can be reducing only because of the listing can be belongs to the company or organisation


(25)According to Washington Real Estate License law, if a licensee decides to sell her personal residence, she must
A. list the home with her firm.
B. disclose the firm name in any advertisements.
C. disclose in writing to the prospective purchaser that she has a real estate license.
D. place any trust funds received in a neutral escrow account.
Expert Answer 
A. List the home with her firm.
Explanation: there is no legal action against a selling their own property via their firm but there can be some complications depending on agent, properties can be purchased even if it's not sell on open market


(26)On Saturday, a buyer signs and accepts the seller's final counteroffer. On Monday, the buyer's licensee notifies the listing licensee that the buyer has accepted the final counteroffer. In Washington, mutual acceptance occurs on

A. Monday, after the broker reviewed the offer.
B. Monday, when the final signed agreement is delivered to the listing agent.
C. Saturday, when the buyer initialed the receipt of copies of complete agreement.
D. Saturday, when the buyer accepted the counteroffer.
Expert Answer 
Correct Option is (B).
Monday, when the final signed agreement is delivered to the listing agent.




(27)A Washington buyer's agent obtained an accepted purchase and sale agreement from a seller's agent. The buyer's agent provided a copy of the agreement to the buyer and collected a $2,500 earnest money check made out to the escrow company. The buyer's agent is required to

A. give the check to her designated broker in a timely manner.
B. send the check to the escrow company with instructions to not deposit it until contingencies are removed.
C. hold the check until escrow has been opened.
D. hold the check until the required inspection has been approved by all parties. contings
Expert Answer 
Answer: Send the check to the escrow company with instructions to not deposit it until contingencies are removed.
In most cases, honest money is brought in when a sales agreement or purchase agreement is signed, but it can also be attached to what is offered. If once the funds are deposited, than the funds are usually held in an escrow account until closing, at which point the deposit is applied to the lower payment of the buyer and the closing costs. The buyer agent is required to send a check to the escrow company with instructions for not submitting it until emergencies are cleared. The proceeds are the cash that the consumer puts into the seller in escrow (in districts that use escrow), indicating the intention of the buyer to purchase the given property.



(28)When the Washington Department of Licensing issues a license to a limited liability company (LLC) or a limited liability partnership (LLP), which of the following must be endorsed as a designated broker?

A. an individual with a controlling interest in the firm
B. an LLP partner
C. an officer or director
D. the majority owner of the business interest
Expert Answer 
In order to get endorsed as a designated broker, you must have a controlling interest in the firm. You cannot be a director, LLP partner, or majority owner and be a designated broker at the same time. In order to serve as a designated broker, your controlling interest is what the Washington Department of Licensing demands. Therefore, the correct option is (a).


(29)In Washington, when a firm's management agreement is terminated, a tenant's security deposit will be disbursed to the

A. resident manager.
B. escrow agent.
C. owner or successor manager.
D. tenant.
Expert Answer 
Answer - Option C, owner or successor manager.
When a firm's management agreement is terminated, the owner's fund will be disbursed according to the agreement and the security deposit fund will be disbursed to the owner or successor property manager and tenant notified by the disbursing firm consistent with the provision of the Residential Landlord-Tenant Act.


(30)According to Washington Real Estate License law, which of the following statements about completed purchase and sale agreements is correct?

A. Participating firms must have notarized copies of the agreements in their files.
B. The listing firm must maintain the records for a maximum of 2 years.
C. Participating firms must have legible copies of the agreements in their files.
D. The selling firm must maintain the records for a maximum of 2 years.
Expert Answer 
Ans .Participating firms must have legible copies of the agreements in their files.
It doesn't matter whether the signature is legible or illegible, so long as it is consistent. A signature is simply a mark intended to authenticate a document; it can literally be any type of mark - a symbol, a single letter, initials, or a full signature .
In general, books and records are the books, accounts, records, memoranda, correspondence and other documentation or information that firms have to make and preserve in accordance with the federal securities laws, MSRB rules, FINRA rules and all other applicable laws, rules and regulations



(31)In Washington, when is a buyer's agent permitted to disclose confidential information about the buyer?
A. never 
B. when under court order or subpoena 
C. when acting as a dual agent 
D. when requested in writing by the listing agent

Answer:

B. When under court order or subpoena.

Buyer's agent—Duties.

Not to disclose any confidential information from or about the buyer, except under subpoena or court order, even after termination of the agency relationship.

THANK YOU.



(32)When a civil suit involving real estate activity is filed against a licensee, the licensee must report the suit to the Washington real estate program
A. within 20 days of entry of a court order, judgment, or verdict against the licensee. 
B. within 90 days of the filing of the suit. 
C. within 7 days of service of process or knowledge thereof. 
D. immediately.

Ans A within 20 days of entry of a court order judgment or verdict against the licensee

Because a licensee should advise the Department of Licensee's Real Estate Program Manager inside 20 days of learning of any thoughtful court request, decision or judgment entered against the licensee on the off chance that ti includes land or business exercises.

(33)In the state of Washington, the holder of an inactive real estate license may
A. be exempt from real estate licensing disciplinary action. 
B. act as an unlicensed assistant to a licensed real estate broker. 
C. accept referral fees, but only from active licensees who are under the supervision of a designated broker. 
D. negotiate lease agreements for fewer than 10 owners.

Ans B act as an unlicensed assistant to a licensed real state broker

Because you might stay latent insofar as you'd like yet you'll have to reestablish your permit at regular intervals.

(34)In Washington, an agency relationship is created when
A. an offer to purchase is accepted. 
B. a licensee undertakes to provide real estate brokerage services to a principal. 
C. a party pays compensation to a licensee. 
D. a licensee first meets with a buyer or seller.

In Washington, an agency relationship is created when.

B. A licensee undertakes to provide real estate brokerage services to a principal.

Explanation:

Under Washington regulation, an agency relationship between a licensee and a client starts when the licensee embraces to give land administrations to the client. An agency relationship with a vendor begins with a composed posting understanding. An agency relationship with a purchaser starts consequently when a licensee performs land financier administrations for the buyer. A licensee working with a purchaser doesn't naturally turn into the purchaser's representative assuming that there's a composed consent in actuality. This might incorporate a posting concurrence with the merchant, a double agency concurrence with the two players, a subagency concurrence with the vendor, or a non-agency understanding. For instance, a specialist who shows his very own purchaser one posting doesn't turn into the purchaser's representative, as a result of his posting concurrence with the seller. Once an agency relationship has been laid out, the chief is limited by demonstrations of the specialist that are inside the extent of the specialist's position.


(35) An individual's real estate license has been revoked by the Director of the Washington Department of Licensing. In this situation, the individual
A. has no right of appeal. 
B. may appeal to a district court. 
C. may appeal to the Director. 
D. may appeal to a superior court.

OPTION B

The first step is to petition for reinstatement of an unrestricted license, which the Department charges $800 for just the filing of the petition. The petition will have to be submitted by documentary evidence that a trained professional licensing attorney can assist you to compile.

(36) All money from fines collected under the Washington Real Estate License law is deposited in the real estate
A. investigation account. 
B. general fund. 
C. education account. 
D. licensing operating account.

Answer:- (C) Real estate education account.

All money pertaining to fines are collected and deposited in this account and expenditure can only be made from this account upon the approval of the director for the purpose of education of licensees, public etc. Real estate education account comes under the custody of State treasurer. The formation of account comes under RCW 18.85.321 of the laws relating to real estate brokers and managing brokers.

(37) An active licensee negotiated a purchase on behalf of a buyer on a property listed by another firm. Before the purchase closed, the licensee left the real estate business. Which of the following statements is correct regarding the licensee's commission?
A. The licensee's former designated broker may pay a commission to the licensee. 
B. The licensee is not legally entitled to a commission because he must be licensed at the time of closing. 
C. No commission is owed to the selling firm because the licensee is no longer licensed 
D. The listing firm's designated broker may give the licensee a portion of the commission.

Answer

The correct option is B

The licensee is not legally entitled to a commission because he must be licensed at the time of closing.

(38)An individual's real estate license has been revoked by the Director of the Washington Department of Licensing. In this situation, the individual
A. has no right of appeal
B. may appeal to a district court
C. may appeal to the Director. 
D. may appeal to a superior court.

Here correct answer is option (B)

As they can appeal to the district court as they have a chance to show their statements and they can ask to justify the reason for revoking the license

(39)A buyer wants to use an out-of-state broker to buy residential property in Washington. The out-of-state broker may conduct real estate brokerage services involving Washington property if the out-of-state broker
A. does not conduct more than four Washington transactions per year. 
B. conducts all brokerage services related to the transaction outside Washington. 
C. informs the listing agent that the buyer's agent does not hold a Washington real estate license. 
D. has an inactive broker license in Washington.

OPTION C

An out-of-state licensee may handle commercial real estate transactions in Washington without a Washington license if she works in cooperation with a brokerage in Washington

(40) In Washington, when is a buyer's agent permitted to disclose confidential information about the buyer?
A. never 
B. when under court order or subpoena 
C. when acting as a dual agent 
D. when requested in writing by the listing agent

Answer : (A) when under court order or subpoena

Explanation:

Not to disclose any confidential information from or about the buyer, except under subpoena or court order, even after termination of the agency relationship