(1)Unless specifically excepted by Washington Real Estate License law, to take the managing broker's examination, a broker must be
A. licensed as a full-time broker for a minimum of 3 years within the past 5 years. X
B. free of bankruptcy filing in the last 7 years.
C. free of license law complaints for a 2-year period.
D. licensed as a full-time broker for a minimum of 2 years within the past 5 years. 

(2)A Washington real estate broker has a responsibility to
A. be knowledgeable and keep current with the rules implementing Chapter 18.85 of the RCW.  X
B. review all brokerage services and contracts of the firm.
C. attend all closings.
D. attend all property inspections.

(3)The first active license renewal for a real estate broker must be
A. on the broker's first birthday after issuance of the license.
B. before the second birthday after issuance of the license.
C within 2 years from the issuance date. X
D. by the anniversary date of the broker's initial license.


(4)Under Washington Real Estate License law, licensees employed directly by a real estate firm to represent the firm in the performance of real estate related transactions are BEST identified as
A. incorporated associate brokers.
B. affiliated licensees.
C. designated licensees.
D. designated brokers. X

(5)All monies derived from fines resulting from disciplinary actions against Washington real estate licensees shall be
A. used for education for the benefit of licensees and the public. X
B. paid into the Housing Trust Fund.
C. paid to the state treasurer for general operations.
D. used for future real estate audits and investigations.


(6)A Washington licensee placed his license on inactive status in August and paid the inactive renewal fee in September. To activate the license in January, the licensee must complete
A. a license application and submit a late fee. X
B. the required number of continuing education clock-hours.
C. a course in Washington real estate fundamentals and pay an activation fee.
D. and pass the license examination.


(7)In Washington, any modification to an original property management agreement must be signed by the
A. designated broker only.
B. designated broker and owner only.
C. owner and licensee only.
D. owner, tenant, and designated broker. X

(8)In Washington, which of the following would constitute a material fact?
A. a murder that took place in the home
B. occasional water intrusion in a basement X
C. illegal drug activity next door
D. a registered sex offender in the neighborhood


(9)According to Washington Real Estate Licensing rules, in a multi-office real estate firm, each branch office must be managed by a
A. branch manager who holds a managing broker's license. X
B. managing broker who has at least 2 years of management experience.
C. broker who has 2 or more years of sales experience.
D. managing broker who spends a minimum of 1 hour per month in each branch office.

(10)A Washington designated broker must
A. own the real estate firm with which they are associated.
B. be a Washington state resident.
C. possess a valid Washington state driver's license or identification card.
D. be a natural person. X


(11)Sellers list their property with a Washington licensee with a firm. Who represents the sellers?
A. the listing licensee only
B. all sales personnel with the firm
C. the listing licensee and the designated broker X
D. the licensee and subagents assigned by the sellers

(12)A Washington licensee maintains a home office and negotiates an offer to purchase. A legible copy of the offer must be
A. filed in the home office.
B. maintained in the firm's files. X
C. given only to the buyer.
D. delivered to the designated broker after the sale is closed.

(13)A Washington licensee wrote a successful transaction. Prior to the closing of the transaction, the licensee transferred to another firm. The selling firm
A. may pay the agreed-upon commission to the licensee. X
B. must refund the licensee's portion of the commission to the seller.
C. must keep the entire commission because they are the selling firm.
D. must forfeit the entire commission because it was not earned.


(14)A Washington broker is showing a "fixer-upper" home to her sister. The broker must disclose
A. the current and expected market value after renovations.
B. that there is a family relationship on all agreements and contracts.
C. that the house was a murder site 4 years ago.
D. that the septic tank and drain field are not serviceable. X

(15)A licensee's disciplinary matter is under appeal in superior court. The Director of the Washington Department of Licensing has prepared, by law, a certified transcript of the disciplinary hearing record and has filed the transcript and notice of its cost with the court. Which of the following is required to pay the cost of the transcript?
A. licensee/appellant X
B. complainant
C. Department of Licensing
D. court

(16)Buyers and sellers negotiate a transaction where earnest money is to be held by the title company. In Washington, the buyers should write the check to the
A. listing firm.
B. selling firm.
C. county auditor.
D. title company. X

(17)In Washington, a duly authorized attorney-in-fact may engage in real estate brokerage activity without a license when the
A. fee is based on the value of the property.
B. activity is limited to property management duties.
C. activity is limited to ten transactions per year.
D. activity is without compensation. X

(18)A listing firm and a selling firm are cooperating on the sale of a home in Washington. A broker, licensed with the selling firm, found a buyer and negotiated the agreement between the buyer and the seller. The broker may be paid a commission through the
A. buyer.
B. seller. X
C. listing firm's designated broker.
D. selling firm's designated broker.

(19)In Washington, who is ultimately responsible for the delivery of earnest money to escrow after it is received by the brokerage firm?
A. licensee receiving the funds
B. listing licensee
C. designated broker
D. purchaser X

(20)Which of the following is a duty of the Washington Real Estate Commission?
A. Act in an advisory capacity to the director.
B. Establish standards of clear and conspicuous advertising.
C. Take disciplinary action against real estate schools and instructors.
D. Enforce all laws and rules relating to the practice of real estate. X

(21)Under Washington Real Estate License law, any addenda to an agreement to purchase negotiated by a licensee must be
A. referenced on the client ledger card.
B. kept in the transaction file belonging to the firm. X
C. delivered to the office manager.
D. kept in the licensee's transaction file.

(22)A Washington real estate licensee received a $3,000 earnest money check. The check was to be delivered to the escrow office on March 12 in accordance with the purchase and sale agreement, but the check was never delivered to the escrow office. Which of the following should the licensee do?
A. Immediately deposit the funds into the firm's trust account.
B. Call the purchaser and secure a new check for $3,000.
C. Disclose the situation to the Washington Real Estate Commission.
D. Notify the principals involved in the transaction. X

(23)A real estate licensee submits 30 clock-hours of continuing education to renew a license. The Washington Department of Licensing discovers that the licensee listed three of the hours twice to make the total 30 hours. Which of the following statements about this situation is correct?
A. The license will not be renewed in an active status and charges may be issued for misrepresentation. X
B. The designated broker is required to surrender the license to the Department.
C. The licensee will be issued an interim license and allowed 30 days to complete the required three clock-hours. 
D. The license will be renewed upon paying a late fee.


(24)A licensee obtains a listing from a seller. The licensee's designated broker had a previous negative business relationship with this seller. The designated broker tells the licensee to cancel the listing. According to Washington Real Estate License law, which of the following is true?
A. The designated broker is not allowed to cancel the listing because the licensee is an independent contractor.
B. The designated broker is not allowed to cancel the listing because no one can interfere with the sellerlagent relationship.
C. The designated broker may refuse the listing because the listing belongs to the firm. X
D. The designated broker may refuse the listing only if it has not yet been listed with the Multiple Listing Service (MLS).

(25)According to Washington Real Estate License law, if a licensee decides to sell her personal residence, she must
A. disclose the firm name in any advertisements. X
B. disclose in writing to the prospective purchaser that she has a real estate license. 
C. place any trust funds received in a neutral escrow account.
D. list the home with her firm.

(26)On Saturday, a buyer signs and accepts the seller's final counteroffer. On Monday, the buyer's licensee notifies the listing licensee that the buyer has accepted the final counteroffer. In Washington, mutual acceptance occurs on
A. Monday, after the broker reviewed the offer.
B. Monday, when the final signed agreement is delivered to the listing agent. X
C. Saturday, when the buyer initialed the receipt of copies of complete agreement. 
D. Saturday, when the buyer accepted the counteroffer.

(27)A Washington buyer's agent obtained an accepted purchase and sale agreement from a seller's agent. The buyer's agent provided a copy of the agreement to the buyer and collected a $2,500 earnest money check made out to the escrow company. The buyer's agent is required to
B. send the check to the escrow company with instructions to not deposit it until contingencies are removed.
C. hold the check until escrow has been opened.
D. hold the check until the required inspection has been approved by all parties. contings
A. give the check to her designated broker in a timely manner. X

(28)When the Washington Department of Licensing issues a license to a limited liability company (LLC) or a limited liability partnership (LLP), which of the following must be endorsed as a designated broker?
A. an LLP partner
B. an officer or director 
C. the majority owner of the business interest
D. an individual with a controlling interest in the firm X

(29)In Washington, when a firm's management agreement is terminated, a tenant's security deposit will be disbursed to the
B. escrow agent.
C. owner or successor manager. X
D. tenant.
A. resident manager.

(30)According to Washington Real Estate License law, which of the following statements about completed purchase and sale agreements is correct?
A. The listing firm must maintain the records for a maximum of 2 years.
B. Participating firms must have legible copies of the agreements in their files. X
C. The selling firm must maintain the records for a maximum of 2 years.
D. Participating firms must have notarized copies of the agreements in their files.

(31)In Washington, when is a buyer's agent permitted to disclose confidential information about the buyer?
A. when under court order or subpoena X
B. when acting as a dual agent 
C. when requested in writing by the listing agent
D. never 

(32)When a civil suit involving real estate activity is filed against a licensee, the licensee must report the suit to the Washington real estate program
A. within 90 days of the filing of the suit.
B. within 7 days of service of process or knowledge thereof.
C. immediately.
D. within 20 days of entry of a court order, judgment, or verdict against the licensee. X

(33)In the state of Washington, the holder of an inactive real estate license may
A. be exempt from real estate licensing disciplinary action. 
B. act as an unlicensed assistant to a licensed real estate broker. X
C. accept referral fees, but only from active licensees who are under the supervision of a designated broker. 
D. negotiate lease agreements for fewer than 10 owners.


(34)In Washington, an agency relationship is created when
A. an offer to purchase is accepted. 
B. a licensee undertakes to provide real estate brokerage services to a principal. X
C. a party pays compensation to a licensee. 
D. a licensee first meets with a buyer or seller.


(35) An individual's real estate license has been revoked by the Director of the Washington Department of Licensing. In this situation, the individual
A. has no right of appeal. 
B. may appeal to a district court. X
C. may appeal to the Director. 
D. may appeal to a superior court.


(36) All money from fines collected under the Washington Real Estate License law is deposited in the real estate
A. investigation account. 
B. general fund. 
C. education account. X
D. licensing operating account.

(37) An active licensee negotiated a purchase on behalf of a buyer on a property listed by another firm. Before the purchase closed, the licensee left the real estate business. Which of the following statements is correct regarding the licensee's commission?
A. The licensee's former designated broker may pay a commission to the licensee. 
B. The licensee is not legally entitled to a commission because he must be licensed at the time of closing.  X
C. No commission is owed to the selling firm because the licensee is no longer licensed 
D. The listing firm's designated broker may give the licensee a portion of the commission.

(38)An individual's real estate license has been revoked by the Director of the Washington Department of Licensing. In this situation, the individual
A. has no right of appeal
B. may appeal to a district court X
C. may appeal to the Director. 
D. may appeal to a superior court.

(39)A buyer wants to use an out-of-state broker to buy residential property in Washington. The out-of-state broker may conduct real estate brokerage services involving Washington property if the out-of-state broker
A. does not conduct more than four Washington transactions per year. 
B. conducts all brokerage services related to the transaction outside Washington. 
C. informs the listing agent that the buyer's agent does not hold a Washington real estate license.  X
D. has an inactive broker license in Washington.

(40) In Washington, when is a buyer's agent permitted to disclose confidential information about the buyer?
A. never X
B. when under court order or subpoena 
C. when acting as a dual agent 
D. when requested in writing by the listing agent
